The Joe Rogan experience.
You. Like, if this was like on a spaceship, you would think of like that.
Look at that. If that was on a spaceship etched into the side of the spaceship,
you'd be like, holy, it's a alien language. Look at me.
I don't know what any of those things are.
I don't know what one of those numbers is.
I don't know what the those words are. Those letters. That's an alien language.
That's to me almost more alien than a lot of Asian languages that
looks crazy.
Well, that's, that's a reason to kind of doubt that somebody is translating it,
right? It's just like, oh, you looked at that jibberish and you saw,
well, Scott.
You know, the whole thing with that is that these ancient, ancient,
ancient languages, like all these stories came from these ancient languages.
Like, if you go way, way, way back ancient. So Mer like the epic of Gilgamesh,
there's all these Noah's Ark similarities. It's all,
there's a lot of stuff in all these ancient stories.
That's all probably points to some real that happened for sure.
But along the way,
just like what you're talking about with social justice warriors and how it,
they break, they behave like it's a religion.
There's like a natural compulsion for people to be on a group and have that
group have a very clear idea.
Work their way up to atheism if they want it. Cause that's like almost a luxury,
I think. Yeah. I think you're right. I don't know how to just, uh,
I'll tell you what I will say. The DMT shape. Uh,
I did get like more of a, uh, oh yeah. There's more than this.
Something else there.
And, and it's crazy because you know, I read about that in high school.
I read some more about that guy that, uh, is the big DMT.
Guy. Terence McKenna. Yeah.
Cause I think he projects a lot of his own horse into it, but yeah, that stuff.
Does. Or the mechanic.
Just let me tell you when I,
I never felt a thing that felt so much like not making me hallucinate,
but like it was taking away a hallucination and that is such,
there's something so terrifying about that, but it also like, wow, that's great.
Like, and uh, it, you just,
you feel like there has to be just based on this. You would say,
even if it's just shaking your head, you're like,
why would that even be in my head?
It's,
it's entirely possible that whatever the consciousness is can pass from this
stage into another stage.
And the only reason why I would hesitate to say that's exactly what happens is
because there's no proof one way or another.
It's all that pineal gland is not proven. They don't know that DMT comes in now.
No, no, they do. Yeah, they do. Now. Yeah. The Cottonwood research foundation,
they did a series of tests with rats and they prove that live rats have a
DMT produced by the pineal gland.
Now it doesn't necessarily mean that humans do too,
but they're pretty sure that it doesn't know that your,
your lungs produce it and your liver produces it. That's a fact really? Yes.
So your body's producing DMT a hundred percent.
Did you know that? Um, or did you like, uh,
like those HP Lovecraft kind of horror stories? I love those.
And there's a movie made I want to, but it's all about his pineal gland.
He's taking something makes his pineal gland swell up. Which one is that? Well,
movies. It stars the guy for me. Animator. It's not, it's not ReAnimator.
I've, I'm, I'm feeling it now. I kind.
Of remember what you're talking about.
I'll tell you the creepy thing of DMP has a creep. I thought the creepy,
because I was totally worth doing, but the thing that's, you know,
whatever people say, they meet entities. Right.
But I don't know if that is meeting entity,
but I'll tell you the thing that just sticks with me that I'm like,
how in the is that possible? Is the shapes that you,
that I could say I was well aware that they were a bit more than three
dimensional shapes. And it's so crazy to look at that and perceive it.
And I'm like, how on earth could I perceive this shape?
And when I came and you can't Brent, come back with it. Like, you know what?
You know.
You see it though in someone's art. Like have you ever seen Alex Grey's art?
Yeah. No, you haven't seen it pull up, uh, Alex Gray.
He's a psychedelic artists. I mean,
all of his stuff is basically tryptamine based art [inaudible].
Oh.
No, no, no, no, no. He's brilliant. His stuff's, his stuff's amazing.
For tool.
That's one of them. But yeah, he draws the covers for tool albums.
There's a ton of 'em like that one, that one specific that is BMT. That's DMT.
That is DMT. That is hardcore, hardcore DMT. When you do DMT,
you see that and you see that in a way where it's so much more
spectacular than any, anything you ever see,
normal consciousness is your body. They're like, are you a body thing?
You're not thinking of your mind.
You're you're saying.
You look around.
Dude. If you open your eyes, here's, what's crazy because,
so if you close your eyes, it's like, they're open somewhere else.
And then you open your eyes, you see reality overlayed over this house.
Influence the Egyptians, click on the one, your cursor's on.
Tell me that didn't influence the Egyptians.
This painting, or this, this, these.
Kind of trip to mean.
Images. DMT.
A hundred percent. Yeah,
there was one of the things that John Anthony West did was he was going over
that's temple in man. The temple in man is one of the structures it's in, um,
in, uh, Egypt. And it,
it shows different parts of it are supposed to represent different quarters of
the body, like different shockers of the body.
And that there was some evidence that the eye of Horus is really the
pineal gland. And that's what that, that symbol is like, see if Google,
uh, pineal gland, eye of Horus.
They think that they're, they're so similar in the way they're shaped.
It's entirely possible that that's what, that's a very alternative thing.
But look how it looks, how the thing looks on the right,
the actual pineal gland and look at the eye on the left. Wow. Yeah.
See that wing off the side and the way it drops down,
right from the eyeball boy, that's similar.
It's entirely possible that they figured that out somewhere along the line,
that through yoga breathing methods or some sort of psychedelic drugs,
they found that they were achieving a hallucinogenic state and they were able to
somehow, or another isolate where that state is being initiated.
And if it's being initiated and dodged, honestly, by your body,
like through psychedelic breathing, that's probably where it's being produced.
Now, listen, I don't want to sound like an Amy Schumer defender,
but that looked coincidentally to me parallel. Look,
I think certain patterns were close.
Over and over again that, but that pattern is pretty close. You might be right.
It might be coincidental.
But the fact that it drop a straight line drops down right before the,
I show it again. The straight line drops down right below the eye. And then the.
Other thing was to the left Egypt.
They did, they did surgery on people in Egypt. See it.
Well, first of all, I thought Egypt thought the mind was in the heart.
And that's why they pulled the useless brain out through the nose.
When they mummified you. Like you're telling me that their intent,
you know what I mean? Like how does the embalming techniques we have it.
That doesn't mean that it kept no, they didn't look.
Well. I'm sure that they didn't know everything about the human body, the way.
They attach significance to something in the brain. If they don't think that.
I think through psychedelic drugs,
I think when they were doing these heavy psychedelic drugs,
which by the way were absolutely being used by then, by tons of people.
Beliefs, listen to the cause. Dude, this is the thing that really blew my mind.
Cause I was looking, you don't want to even.
Believe rumors. That's what's going on again. No.
I saw, I looked, do you ever look at somebody while you're on DMT?
I think smoke it. No, I've always kept my eyes closed. Okay.
Well,
two times close my eyes and one time over my eyes and look at somebody and they
had six arms like a Hindu.
It was just.
Saying, I might've been telling you this at the comedy.
Store told me at the great room.
What is it? Your time perception gets broken down and that's the craziness.
And so then motion looks like sick.
Like Shiva.
It looked like a Hindu thing. And I'm like, wow, I imagine beyond that stuff.
And you see something, I mean,
it looked that looked to me so much like a vision from the intake,
those six RM kind of gods.
Collect that kind of art, like Buddhas and like that. Like this kind of.
Cause I saw this, I saw this image, this exact image. I mean,
this has a third eye and everything. The sculptor made this for me.
I don't remember his name. Yeah. I wish I could remember right now, but I don't.
Um, but yeah,
sculptor made that for me based on this vision that I had a high on DMT.
I saw an infinite number of those really.
I saw one hovering here and then in every direction, out from him,
there was an infinite number of those and they were all hovering and vibrating
around me. So it's like fractal. Is it like fractal?
It's a hundred percent fact.
Geometric. What do you think? What do you think having done it?
Like what do you think? Like, uh, uh, what do you think now of the MTA after?
You know, I, I, I think I saw just a couple of things,
but I don't know how long ago they were of you talking about it with people,
but you ha what's your opinion of it now as like a, you know what you're seeing.
It could be anything. I mean, it definitely could be some sort of, uh,
insane hijacking of your sensory nervous system produces
this spectacular psychedelic effect. That's so profound,
the solution to Janie hallucinogenic effect.
That's so profound that it literally is like a transcendent experience and
changes your life. It's totally possible.
It's totally possible that it's just a chemical thing.
What's also POS also saw so possible is that life itself,
that whatever the life is, and especially whatever the intelligent life is,
is not understood what consciousness is, is not understood. And the,
this idea that things can only exist in this realm.
That's not proven also the fact that when those quantum physicists guys start
breaking down the nature of reality and they come up with,
I don't know how the they do this. I'm just talking out of my.
But they come up with the idea that there's 11 dimensions and that they
literally, I mean, and this is all changing and constantly evolving and moving.
And they're constantly adding to this.
It is entirely possible that there's a bunch of other that's around us all the
time. That's just not here and we don't have access to it. And when you do DMT,
womp, you go into that other place.
It unsettling, dude. It's like, it's not like you're going, it's like the here.
That's why you as a skeptic, it's very important to hear from you like a guy,
like.
Yeah, I'll tell you what I'll because I drew a diagram of it.
This is what I felt. This is what it feels like.
If you ever do it like this little point, let's say this little point is you.
This is what I felt like. And these, these lines I drew, that's like space.
You're this little point that gets stabbed into space time and all this.
This is all the that makes you like it forms a point.
It's like closing your eyes and looking at all of,
all of the that's been cross section of your being like everything being focused
into making. If you could like, just reverse look at it. It.
I just feel like it's lessons. I always feel like it's the lessons.
I always feel like it's time to go to school, sit down, sit down.
Here's what's going on. The one of the last ones,
more profound ones was a bunch of gestures that were all giving me the finger.
They're all circuit around me. Like giving me the finger. Like.
That was your Twitters.
No, you know what to teach you about Twitter. It's teaching. If you're tense,
if you're tense negatively to this gesture,
giving you the finger, like, how do you feel of yourself?
Are you in constant defensive mode? And then when I sort of relaxed myself,
they started wagging their finger back and forth. Like, yep. That's it.
That's it. That's cool. Very, very strange. The, the, the,
these things that you see, but you can't define are constantly changing.
So if you try to like say, oh, it looked like a gesture.
It probably did for a few seconds, for a few seconds, it looked like a gesture.
And then it imploded and became stars.
And then it sucked in and became geometric patterns.
And it became neon colored worms that were making love to each other and a giant
infinite bundle of yarn. Like it becomes weirder and weirder all the time.
It's hard to remember when you're done. It's almost impossible.
Even me saying I'm kind of full.
Of. It's.
Kind of full of because I don't totally remember what I saw.
I remember what I remember to write down. I remember what I repeated.
So I'm like going back on like my repeated versions of what I
saw, but I just, I remember like flashes of the intense,
profound nature of the experience is there emotions.
To it? Like you're talking about.
And when I came out of it,
the first time I did on new year's the first time I did it, I w and I, and I,
I guess I was like weeping, but when I came out of it,
because you just suddenly are awake. And I, I had, like, I was so out of it,
it was like, not, I w I went from weeping, like, oh, Hey, what's up? Like,
and because I had been staring some crazy thing that would like,
look so beautiful to me, but, but it was like,
it was like coming out of a dream, I guess, almost.
What's that mechanic quote that I think would I be scared of his unearned
wisdom? I think we kind of said something like, be like,
be wary of honor and wisdom where I don't know if I can handle looking at
something that intense.
I was really in a low feeling state when I did it and I didn't give a.
So I wanted to do it.
You, you pick up the slack, you know, that unearned wisdom thing.
I think I know what he's saying.
And I think there's a real problem with people acting profound when they just
learned something an hour ago. I'm not.
A showman. No, but there.
Is a thing that people enjoy doing. And it's like,
like jizzing out their knowledge.
And a lot of that is honored knowledge.
Like there's a lot of people that don't really have a full on, including me.
Walls are so full and not.
Having a full understanding of the topic at hand life. Just GEs it out.
But you look for sure.
You learn a lot about yourself when you do those experiences.
I learned a lot about myself, learned a lot about how I interact with people.
I saw negative thoughts,
like expressed as like this dark green and black twisted
sort of pattern. And then when my thoughts went positive,
it blossomed like the most beautiful flowers you can imagine. It was crazy.
It was literally a lesson in thinking toxically. And then,
and this is probably like 2008 ish somewhere around then.
That w that was this particular experience that literally changed who I am
literally changed. How I talked to people,
literally changed how I feel about people watching a negative thought,
being expressed as, as dark pattern. And then the positive thought, just,
I just let it go. Like, oh, I see, I see I'm doing it to myself then boom.
And then he can just relax and enjoy, like, this is so beautiful.
And because you're looking at something so beautiful,
that feeling of seeing beauty makes it more beautiful and just getting more and
like tears are rolling down my eyes and misses stunning, stunning experiences.
How does it guide? It's easier to do that now besides that,
but I know what you mean.
I wish I could remember seeing it though.
I remember it happened and I remember the dark green and black, but it's,
so I remember so little of what I actually saw,
it's a total recreation in my mind, which is a real problem with memory.
So real problem with regular memory, forget about something as spectacularly,
unique and odd as a psychedelic experience, but just regular memory. I mean,
I try to think of what I did yesterday. I know what I did.
Do you ever get the information late? Like the last time I did it,
this is what really blew me away is because my was saying I was going,
I won't forget. And by the way, I forgot immediately. It's like a joke.
You're supposed to talk into a microphone, like talk into a recorder,
like right away when you get out and then try to decipher that little cell.
Talk. I mean, usually I feel like I can't talk.
But as soon as you can know,
which you do is just use the voice app on your phone.
And as soon as you can talk, hit record and just ramble, first of all,
you're going to go, oh my God, I'm a moron because it's going to sound.
If you're sober, it's going to sound so.
Stupid is my face. Like I lost the inner journey and battle like, yeah,
on the inside, on the outside, you're just puking and projectile
shivering like an idiot. That's a metaphor for Twitter.